On one hand , we do not want this potential danger to cause firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we got certain disease , their attitude will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
Afterall , what affects one family may or may not affect another , although the families have a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents .
Do one who suffers from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one duty to ensure that he or she undergoes periodic healthchecks on their own .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and assist those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how 'directive ' the risk is to them .
Large numbers of patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry certain disease .
Therefore , keeping the information as a secret to his/her future spouce would help the relationship .
First , in the case of marrige , people should be honest and tell their spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offsprings .
For example , if a carrier is told that he/she has the risk of having diabetes .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with to have diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers ' relatives outweigh the costs .
Genetic disorder may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out one has these kinds of diseases .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no , but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
Firstly , someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy especially when the one is not willing to do so .
It is against his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of the law .
How can a law made by the government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
They can build a daily habit of eating less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it as a secret .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases , given in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in the early stage .
In conclusion , it would be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
Early pre-examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such a genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put on the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Some families may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such a genetic disorder running in their family .
The importance of informing relatives of such a genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention towards the genetic disorder .
Thus , having the knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her family .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offsprings show the relevant symptoms .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encouraged the people to give more birth .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclude , people should think carefully of what the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
I find that it is important to inform especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to the society .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lot of money for the treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden in her family .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
However , we will never know whether these negative effects will happen when the carrier decides to tell his or her family of his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
However , I believe that the carrier has right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility to take action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out to be something that the carrier can not accept then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
After realizing the he or she is the carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face it with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emotional stress .
Debates have been around for years , about should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
We were crying hard but we are not alone , it 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
Hence , they should be the people be grateful for and the people we would like to share the joy together .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
In conclusion , in order to avoid the family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his/her relatives .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing at such a junction whether should him/her to inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
However , it leads to a new problem that " should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , there is still a diversity of point of views among the people .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to tell their families are to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
Demon is not easily be defeated and it requires a of energy and psychological support .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very serious that it can not be described .
Without their concern and support , it are hard to stay until this time .
It is the ethic of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
However , hospital can provide a councilor to advice the carrier about the action can be taken .
However , there may be some special cases that are hard to be defined .
carrier is responsible for balancing his or her own interest and the benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but in the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
First of all , from the angle of human right , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
They may do not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it as a secret and do not others know about it .
Secondly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a trouble , they may just ignore the possibility .
This obeys their own willingness as they have to accept the truth which may make their following life miserable .
For a carrier of a genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemma rather than getting the disorder .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
More people ( relatives ) know her problem , more information channel is provided .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Usually , people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood blocking .
Fourthly , it is important for parents to give mental boost to their children with genetic disorder .
In this modern world , the technologies have improved a lot compared with the last century .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their right ?
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) started .
In my opinion , patients who are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Without the support of loved ones , patients ' life is no better than death .
A study of New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members around generally recover 2-4 days faster than those taken care by professional nurses .
Hence , for a family in which every member truly believes in each other and loves each other ,all these troubles are just testaments to make them stronger .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relatives about it .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
This essay will discuss the reasons why relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
The situation may become worst if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disables such as medical subsidizes and builds up special schools to educate them .
Without increasing number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate on developing in other ways , like military and education .
Moreover , in the world we are living in today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
Therefore , I believe the parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support with a theory that every person has their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will people really enjoy their life if they have to stay in hospital everyday and with all the needles and endless pain ?
One should have full control of his/her information and it is his/her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
If a person has a disease C , that might be a result of gene A .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
After he takes the test and be obliged to tell his relatives , everyone knows that he is a carrier .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family members tests positive , whom does he need to tell ?
In less than a week , half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
Nowadays , people not only pursue the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and family about your genetic risk is good for your self-wellness and the health of your relatives .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone the genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone and know that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent getting the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of a genetic risk .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance about whether to have a child or not .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing at the first place .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits like eating less sugar - contained food and keeping a good mood .
The earlier we tell them , a better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
It is only after we tell them will they start paying attention to their health .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass the genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members in his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save time for proper treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So for the consideration for the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passing to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
Some genetic genes will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have risk of inheriting the genetic disease .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
However , I thought that the genetic information is one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Firstly , the information concerning the genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's bank card key .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family even break the relationship between children with the adult .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have a relationship with them .
However happy they were before , there will be some barrier appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of medical technology .
People will know whether they carry a disease in their genes after they have done the genetic test .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then of course they own the same genes in some part .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result .
It is just because that you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of the society and anxiety about the risks .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
And now I have got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundred of seeds every day .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of changments .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking through the phone since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personal space.Our friends also got more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
And actually , lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media , like looking for people who get lost and so on .
With more convenient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people has largely improved .
And even we gather together , more people find themselves have less topics to talk about than before and choose to digging from their social media again .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experiences .
For myself , I am long to some places after I saw those beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and left us less time to think about our life .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
The receipent,will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
In the past , vast communication was done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor-quality voice calls .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessarily parts of the skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also completely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance of utilising tests , and ranked .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
And at the same time , improves the interpersonal skills , through dynamic practises between individuals and realtime presence .
In the days without social networks , people may not have the chance to know others from different countries or the ones they have never met before .
Their number of people that they know may only be limited to the people they meet in daily life , like classmates and working partners .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
The largest negative impact is that , due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on the internet every minute .
They spend too much time using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meeting with people in their real life .
It not only affects the interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend too much time on social media .
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and improves the frequency of meeting with each other .
The world is increasing becoming flat by all kinds of social network websites such as facebook and twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leave thousands of miles away eats for lunch though these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , social really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through phone , we can know his of her latest news by scaning the webpage .
It means that one can not know another 's real thoughts and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health according to research .
Cyber communication is quite different to face to face communication and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real life communication .
With the willing of people to become the best among others , social network site now become a place to show off .
It is a mental unhealth and it may trigger people , especially teenagers , to become material .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than never before .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
There are about 50 % of the people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
Furthermore , with the current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made it easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted in temporarily closed schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information at a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber polices who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
In the past , people used to writing letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any meida/electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationships or friendships can be maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
Society will adapt to such phenomenon as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction .
We can not be certain for sure the reliabilty or truth of some posts or information we received through the Internet .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit a certain personal agenda .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they can still use phone to do normal calls and message to contact .
Several arguments have been made regarding social media actually having some inevitable disadvantages to people .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or internet .
Generally , people need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
The children nowadays do not know what is neighbourhood games and who is staying beside them , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how social media reduces face-to-face human contact .
When people get use of using social media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and lost eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages beside their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the internet to contact other people and reading news .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends his recent activity easily .
A guy who is going travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
In conclude , social media benefits people in several ways but at the same time harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
It started withthe invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travelled by ship and now we can use airplanes to do so .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier , we can see that the distance between us and our loved ones are getting further apart .
Social media sites such as Facebook have allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
Social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved one even though you are separated by distance .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there are also disadvantages to social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration , especially among youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their facebook page as their friends will post something new every second .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making the right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites , however in this case , striking a balance between social media and lives is the most important thing to do .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contacts has decresed .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face in real-life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students , as they always have the option to turn their back to real-life and go online .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real-life .
Another problem with social media is that , the benefits from investing such enormous time and energy is not relfected as something positive to the users .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , the friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to real-life .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit-driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter were born with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and in real time .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced face-to-face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his/her updates .
This allows friends that may not have the time for meet up to still connected in a way .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face-to-face contact .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings , but social media sites are only the tools to enhance them .
However , there are also some disadvantages occur due to the social media which are concerned in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Through the social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in the other sectors which benefits company more and boost the company 's profit .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistic report , the more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time used on social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
Writing is an essential skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaking users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
To utilize technology well , we should do our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , the new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
With this situation , both the advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use social media to get contact with our friends .
Some people who try to talk in the public can also actively take part in group chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update their friends ' status and contact with friends more frequently .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their study and work may be greatly influenced .
The telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Let us take example of Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , media of sharing , and other entertainment add-on ( i.e .
Twitter , that has more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as an information sharing media .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize beforehand .
Research shows that face-to-face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we build a " false image " in public .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the life of many people a lot .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that social media sites have benefits on the communication between people while some others argue that there are several negative impacts on society .
People connecting through social media sites can spend no money on the communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
If phone and letter are the only way to contact them , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connection between us and our old friends .
On the other hand , social media sites also have some negative impacts on people and society .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
However , social media sites also have its second side of negative impact on humans .
We spend the majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also brings in a bad impact for us in the long term .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one-week holiday .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend on face-to-face communication .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Thank to those social media , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
I do think there is a difference in it and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our through feelings and many not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
This will lead to bad inter-personal skills as well as a problem of trust .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even 'real' .
Some people fake their identities on media sites so that they can know more people or some may even cheat others .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to others even from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects such as loss of face-to-face communicating skills which are important in their working place .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
Personally , I am studying overseas , busy study life keeps me away from contacting my old friend .
Using a common social media site with my friends to help me know what are their statuses nowadays .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the joy with them .
However , social media sites are a double-sided sword , it also bring in some negative effects on our daily life .
One of the disadvantages that many people concerns is that people loss the interest in face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed be a very useful and convenient tool to use and bring people get closer in this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another .
Online friends became real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
We are actively " presenting " fa รง ades of our lives in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and see one of them which they might think it funny .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all-rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking his/her facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show their emotions by another by texting some = ) signs .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he/she posts them often , I can simply block him/her off .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each otherm , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones live far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive the messages .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient , especially when instant chat is needed .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as shorter as they can .
While , once they are communicating with people in their face , expressing themselves appropriately becomes really a big problem .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore , like famous movie and series stars , business men and entrepreneurs .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites .
As the development of technology , social media becomes more and more significant role in the whole world .
However , it also raised concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading information .
It makes people worry since if all the teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smart phones or ipad on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts online .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situation and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media make people 's lives much more colorful and provides a lot of fun .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face such that the interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Actually , I have seen some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they behave quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers develop their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life and affect negatively their interpersonal skills .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
People can know their friends ' recently looks and interesting things happens to those people just by checking their facebook or other social media sites .
However , the social media sites truly reduce the communication face-to-face which truly affects interpersonal skills .
By typing the words and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
People even prefer talking to their friends and meeting their friends online and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Secondly , without real communication in real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and false .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheated and lose money , even their safety .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others by social media .
The long distance and time-consuming make spreading the messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not contact faraway friends and relatives unless there is something important .
However , people now can contact anyone all over the world who can use a computer at any time , and there is no time delay of messages .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages to using social media in daily life .
Secondly , social media networks open the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefit in connecting .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interaction .
There is a story of a girl who lives in the social media world every night for eight years .
She talked with them every night , trusted them and shared her life with them .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
It is not only convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing the business but it also can damage people relationships and interpersonal skills .