On one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing frightening effects in our families ' lives .
When people around us know that we have a certain disease , their behavior will change , whether caring for us too much or keeping away from us .
Family members have a common genetic make up , shared by either of the parents , but what affects one family member may or may not affect another .
Should one who suffers from this disease keep it a secret from their relatives ?
It is also one 's duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks on one 's own .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information , and to assist those at risk to make thoughtful decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty it is to inform at-risk relatives or not greatly depends on personal morals and the nature of how direct the risk is to them .
Many patients with the genetic risk would want to keep it secret , because the genetic risk may indicate a high chance of carrying a certain disease .
Therefore , keeping the information secret from her or her future spouse would help the relationship .
First , in the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell their spouse that they may carry certain genetic risks that may affect their offspring .
One example is when a person is told that he or she is at risk for diabetes .
If the other parties did not know , they may end up with diabetes in the future , without having the chance to prevent it .
In conclusion , the benefits of sharing genetic risk with the carrier 's relatives outweighs the costs .
A genetic disorder may or may not be a hereditary disease , and it is sometimes hard to find out whether one has these kinds of diseases .
From a legal aspect , the answer is no , but from an ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
Firstly , what diseases one has is a private matter .
A law should not require someone to tell others about their private matters , especially not against their will .
It is against his or her human rights , and it is against the spirit of the law .
Singling out the former is unfair .
How can a law exempt such a group of people from information needed to face their potential disease ?
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make it more difficult for the carrier to process the fat and salt in their blood .

By doing so , fewer of his or her loved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
Therefore , some carriers will prefer to keep it a secret .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden to anyone , since seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
In all cases , it will depend on what the genetic diseases are , as well as the current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease that can be cured if it is discovered in its early stages .
In conclusion , it would be considerate to inform the relatives of their risk of getting the same genetic disease .
Early examination is healthy , because it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychology of those who are affected .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile , and they may be unaware of the consequences of their genetic disorder .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent of their parents or the patient herself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put on the immediate family , since it could cause a chain of unwanted events from the patient or the family members .
On learning of such a genetic disorder running in their family , some family members may feel hurt regarding their family pride or reputation .
The importance of informing relatives of a genetic disease is vital , because it may help to raise awareness and prevention of the genetic disorder .
For example , the knowledge that a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial .
A person with a disorder , regardless of whether it is a mental or a physical disorder , is always easily known by his or her family .
Inheritance of genetic disorders moves from generation to generation , but not all children show the relevant symptoms .
As a result , the family tree ends the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
The reason for this is that after WWII , the population of China decreased dramatically , and so the government encouraged the people to have more children .
He had to choose whether to protect his family , or to make his family more prosperous , but with a potential genetic risk .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others , because they will not understand the position and the duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclusion , people should think carefully of the consequences of telling their relatives about their genetic disorders .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on her own .
In addition to that , I believe that the strong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
I find that it is important to inform others especially when it is contagious , since the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to society .
Furthermore , because treatment could require a lot of money , the carrier might not want to be a burden in her family .
He or she does not want to be the source of unhappiness in the family .
However , we will never know ahead of time whether these negative effects will happen if the carrier decides to tell his or her family of his or her condition .
In conclusion , I believe that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
However , I believe that the carrier has the right not to be obligated to tell anyone , but has a responsibility to take action to prevent an ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out to be something that the carrier can not accept , then it would have been better not to know the truth .
After realizing the he or she is a carrier , the emotional damage may be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family and create more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face them with relatives , but still , he has no obligation to tell .
On the other hand , without knowing about any genetic disorder and having to accept the fact of it , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the disability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emotional stress .
It has been debated for years whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed because a family-related ethical dilemma is involved .
We were crying hard , but we were not alone ; our families and relatives raised us .
Hence , they should be the people that we are grateful for , and the people with whom we would like to share joy .
By doing so , one will feel less stressed in facing such a risk of a disorder .
In conclusion , in order to avoid a family-related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of a known genetic risk to inform his or her relatives .
More support must be provided about whether to inform the relatives , in order to give better direction when one is standing at such a junction .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
However , it raises a new question : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , there are still many points of view .
Frequently , the intention of a carrier who does not want to tell their family is to continue their own life without the anxiety of their family .
This demon is not easily defeated , and requires much energy and psychological support .
Besides that , the risk of a known genetic disease is serious enough that it can not be described .
Without their concern and support , we would have a hard time continuing .
It is the ethic of hospital staff to keep secrets of all patients .
However , the hospital can provide a counselor to advise the carrier about actions that can be taken .
However , there may be some special cases that are hard to define .
The carrier is responsible for balancing his or her own interests and those of the family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make , but the most appropriate choice will create great circumstances for the carrier and his or her family in the future .
First of all , from the perspective of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
They may not want this fact to negatively influence their life ; instead , they may want to keep it secret , keeping others from knowing about it .
Second , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to have their own genetic testing done , regardless of the diagnosis of the carrier .
If they do not want to think about it too much , and view the whole issue as a bother , they may just ignore the possibility .
They will then be forced to accept the truth m which may make their subsequent lives miserable .
A person 's knowledge that he or she is a carrier of a genetic disorder causes a greater dilemma than getting the disorder .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy about sharing their problems regarding a genetic disorder .
If more people that know about her problem , there will be more channels to receive information .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood blocking .
Fourthly , it is important for the parents to provide a mental boost for their children with a genetic disorder .
In this modern world , technologies have improved a lot compared with last century .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family-related ethical dilemma is born .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can they have their right ?
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations was started .
In my opinion , patients who are carriers of some known genetic risk are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Without the support of loved ones , a patient 's life is no better than death .
A study of New York University in 2010 showed that patients with family members nearby generally recovered 2–4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses .
Hence , for a family in which every member is truly believing in each other and loving each other , all these troubles are just tests to make them stronger .
Many who are affected with those diseases have different physical characteristics compared to those without the genetic diseases .
Furthermore , since the genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal issue , it is up to the person to tell the relatives about it .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
With improvements in technology , a new life possessing a genetic risk can be detected .
This essay will discuss the reasons why the relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have a genetic risk .
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that the parents have more heavy baggage called " medication fees '' .
The other reason that parents should know whether the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
Every year the government has to spend a lot to help the disabled with medical subsidies and special schools to educate them .
Without increasing number of disabled people in a nation , the government is able to concentrate development in other ways , like military and education .
Moreover , in the world we are living in today , many abortions are conducted in hospitals every day .
Therefore , I believe parents have the right to know the health of their child .
Many people may object to the theory that all people have the right to enjoy the world , particularly religious people .
However , the problem is , will people really enjoy their lives if they have to stay in a hospital every day , with all the needles and endless pain ?
One should have full control of his or her information and it is his or her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
If a person has a disease C that might be a result of gene A , he runs a test and knows that he has the gene AA .
There are possible negative consequences that people might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
after he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives , everyone would know that he is a carrier .
If a gene runs in a family , and one of the family members tests positive , whom does he need to tell ?
In less than a week , half of the town knows that this person has a genetic risk , and that his entire family might be at risk .
Nowadays , people not only pursue happiness in their own lives , but also a better future for the next generation .
First , it is important to be responsible for your well-being and the health of your relatives . The second one is being responsible for future generations .
Informing your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for your well-being and health of your relatives .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone genetic testing , luck and fate dictate what will happen to you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone testing and know that you are a carrier , you owe a responsibility to your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to avoid developing the disease .
Therefore , it is your responsibility to tell your relatives to get prepared to fight the disease and take steps to prevent it .
Furthermore , by telling the truth that you are carrying a genetic risk , you are also being responsible to future generations .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you let them make an informed choice about whether to have a child or not .
In my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing genetic testing in the first place .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health .
If we told them , they might start paying more attention to their daily habits , like eating less sugary food .
The earlier we tell them , the better habits they can learn , which will be better for the rest of their lives .
Since this will really affect their lives , we should try to handle it positively .
It is only after we tell them will that they start paying attention to their health .
They also have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not themselves .
Genetic testing is conducted when an individual is at risk of some possible disease .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to share genes with their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying a genetic risk , other members in his or her family may also be at risk .
Therefore , telling relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in the future and give them time for proper treatment .
Sometimes lives may even be saved if they are told early enough to conduct timely treatment .
In consideration of the other family members , relatives should be informed .
Secondly , telling relatives can prevent genetic disease from being passed to the next generation .
Some genes will only be passed down to boys rather than girls , some are the opposite .
If a carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may be at risk of inheriting a genetic disease .
On the one hand , informing relatives will let the carrier 's family members know about the diseases they may have so that they can perform treatment in time , if possible .
However , I think that genetic information is a person 's private matter , which should be protected by the law .
First , genetic information is personal and should also be private , like a bank card PIN .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the family peace and even destroy the relationship between children and adults .
Once their family members find out , they may not have a relationship with that person anymore .
However happy they were before , some barrier would appear which would gradually destroy the family .
The relationship between parents and their children should not be tested based on genetics ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
With the development of the medical technology , more and more illness are discovered to have a genetic component .
People can discover whether they carry a diseased gene by undergoing a genetic test .
but since they are all from the same family and the same forefather , they share some part of the same genes .
I am inclined to believe that their relatives have a right to know the result .
It is just because they do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever and the longer it is kept secret , the more shocking and upsetting it will be when it is revealed .
This plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination of society and anxiety about the risks .
It can be very difficult for them but it is necessary for the carriers and their family .
Now , I have more than 500 friends on Facebook and I 'm buried under hundreds of updates every day .
Instead , we can write a post and tag our friends to inform them of this kind of change .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking on the phone , since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personal space . Our friends also have more access to know what we are doing and what we like .
Actually , lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media , like looking for people who have gotten lost and so on .
With more convenient and personal communications , the relationship between the government and its people has largely improved .
Even when we gather together , more people find themselves with less to talk about than before and choose to dig through their social media feeds instead .
Besides , there are more people sharing pictures of their yummy food or traveling experiences .
For myself , I long to visit some places after seeing the beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Social media makes our lives move so fast that it leaves us less time to think about our lives .
The burgeoning of social media has definitely had its time but , like all good things , it is better in moderation .
The recipient will then receive the information almost immediately , depending on the quality of the network .
In the past , most communication was done by one of many methods including telegrams , snail mail and poor quality voice calls .
Having to meet and interact to talk allows one to be closer to the listener .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction that is coordinated by the cerebral cortex of the brain .
Unlike social media , where most interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the skills necessary for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entirely incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skills .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different types of intelligence could be charted , by using tests , and ranked .
The type of use must also be noticed : informing , interacting , discussion , or something else .
At the same time , social media improves interpersonal skills through dynamic interactions between individuals in real time .
In the days before social networks , people might not have had the chance to meet others from different countries .
The people that they knew might have been limited to only the people they met in their daily life , like classmates and coworkers .
In this case , social networks help people to talk more frequently .
The largest negative impact is that , because of social networks , some people start to use and rely on the internet every minute of every day .
They take too much time using online social networks and therefore do not have time to interact with people in their real lives .
It not only affects interpersonal skills , but it also bad for people 's health if they spend too much time on social media .
However , social networks also provide people with a convenient communication platform , and it increases the frequency with which they meet each other in person .
The world is increasingly becoming flattened by all kinds of social network websites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Through social media , we can even know what a friend who lives thousands of miles away eats for lunch .
From some points of view , social media has many advantages by letting us communicate with friends more cheaply and conveniently than traditional methods .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with them on the phone , we can know their latest news by scanning the websites .
This means that one can not know another 's true thoughts or personality by reading the things that they share on social media , which could be quite upsetting if they communicate in real life .
It is common to see two people sitting next to each other , seldom talking to each other . Instead they just look at their cellphones .
According to research , this kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health .
Cyber communication is quite different from face-to-face communication and people who depend on cyber communication too much will be unaccustomed to real-life communication .
With the competitiveness people feel to be the best one around , social networks have now become a place to show off .
It is mentally unhealthy and it may cause people , especially teenagers , to become material .
The modes of communication have changed over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than ever before .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and downsides of using social media in contemporary society .
About 50 % of people learn about breaking news from social media .
Furthermore , with current technology , smartphones can access social media sites , making it even easier for consumers to use them .
Social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediately to the people around them .
This caused panic among the people , who flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , resulting in the temporarily closing of schools .
The spread of false information can be a psychological threat to anyone given how quickly social media can disseminate information .
There are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes from spreading .
Despite high security , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites to control almost every social-network movement .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to deliver the letters .
With the help of technology , people can conveniently catch up with each other .
It might not be accurate to judge another person 's feelings over social media since people can hide their true emotions online .
In today 's globalised and interconnected world , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platforms for social interactions .
With just a click on any electronic device , anyone can easily interact and communicate with their friends without much hassle .
Thus long-distance relationships and friendships can be easily maintained , and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
Society will adapt to such phenomena as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction .
We can not be certain for sure of the truth of the posts or information we receive through the Internet .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
The danger of such communication is the uncertainty due to lack of physical interaction .
People use Twitter to follow the artists or celebrities they love and Facebook to see their friends ' recent activity .
Nevertheless , they can still use their phones to make normal calls and messages to connect .
Several arguments have been made regarding the inevitable disadvantages social media may have for people .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or the internet .
Generally people need their eyes to look at the display of their phone or computer and their fingers to manipulate the device .
The children nowadays do not know what neighbourhood games are and who is standing beside them : all they know is how to press icons on screens .
These are some concrete examples of how social media reduces face-to-face human contact .
When people get used to using social media to contact other people , their interpersonal communicating skills will degrade and be lost eventually .
They have lost the courage to meet strangers , even the courage to talk .
Additionally , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in person and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do their jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages .
First of all , people save money by using the internet to contact other people and read the news .
Secondly , people can make friends all over the world and can easily update their friends about their recent activities .
A guy who is going to travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activities .
In conclusion , social media benefits people in several ways but , at the same time , harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of social media and use it in the proper way .
It started with the invention of technology , which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we traveled by ship but now we can use airplanes to do so .
From these examples , we can see that the physical distance between people and their loved ones is getting further apart .
Social media sites such as Facebook allow us to share pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
Social media is beneficial since it connects you with your loved ones even though you are separated by distance .
As I mentioned in the beginning , social media tools also have disadvantages .
One of them is that it reduces concentration levels , especially in young people .
This is because it is their habit to check Facebook as their friends will post something new every second .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making the right decisions .
There are advantages and disadvantages in using social media sites , however , in this case , striking a balance between social media and their real lives is the most important thing to do .
As people spend more and more time on social media sites , the importance of face-to-face human contact has decreased .
As people feel more confident and comfortable online where they do not have to face real-life , on-the-spot situations , they prefer communicating online .
This results in a lack of interpersonal skills , especially in young students , as they always have the option to turn their backs to the real world and go online .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self-identity in their real life and not understand how to interact with people face-to-face .
Another problem with social media is that the consequence of investing such an enormous amount of time and energy is not reflected as something positive to the users .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short-lived and disappear quickly , and thus do not add any value or meaning to the users lives .
However , friendship in a virtual world is so superficial that it is not so relevant to the real world .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers privacy issues because Facebook allows some profit-driven companies to access the users ' information .
As this happens , users are more and more prone to possible frauds .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter were created with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
Parents are now " friends " with their kids and they can " follow " their kids more closely and in real time .
However , we then tend to spend too much time on social media , resulting in a significant reduction of face-to-face human contact , which eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
We may meet only once but we exchange our phone numbers and Facebook accounts in order to keep in touch .
With a few clicks , we can check on a friend 's profile and read their status updates .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet in person to still be connected in a way .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can also be what causes us to fall apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is the reduced time spent on face-to-face contact .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook prompts us , " Today is someone 's birthday " , when in fact , we may have forgotten our friend 's birthday .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face-to-face meetings , and social media sites are just tools to supplement it .
However , there are some disadvantages to social media that concern the society .
This article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily lives .
Through social media sites , we can chat with our friends who are visiting Europe or New Zealand .
The huge amount of cost savings can be utilized in other sectors , which could benefit the company more and boost the company 's profit .
That is why facial expressions are one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , a popular point of view in society is that " social media sites will affect writing skills " .
Based on a research report , writing skills are reduced more when more time is spent on social media sites .
I believe most of us have had the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should have known .
Writing is an essential skill for people to express their feelings and opinions .
However , there has been news about social media sites leaking users ' information to companies for cash reimbursement .
To utilize this technology well , we should do our best to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the list of pros and shorten the number of cons .
In this way , social media can bring a prosperous future to us and to the next generation .
In this situation , both the advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily lives .
When our phones are accidentally out of battery , we can use social media to get in touch with our friends .
Some people who are too shy to talk in public can actively take part in group chats via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends through these interactions when our friends bring their other friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update their friends and contact them more frequently .
First , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face-to-face human contact .
People who are not good at speaking with others may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Finally , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addiction , which may greatly harm their education and work .
The telephone was likely perceived as the biggest innovation ever when Graham Bell first introduced it .
As an example , let 's look at Facebook and Twitter , two of the most popular social media sites .
Facebook is a combination of message and chat , personal profiles , sharing multimedia , and other entertainments , such as social games , which allow users to communicate with faraway people .
Twitter , which has a more straightforward function than Facebook , is more beneficial used as a vehicle for sharing information .
Despite the benefits offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects that people may not be aware of beforehand .
Research shows that people who are addicted to social media sites meet face-to-face with decreasing frequency .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that , by only showing curated parts of our lives , we build a " false image " to show to the public .
Nowadays , technological advancements greatly improve the lives of many people .
Most countries have witnessed an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that social media sites benefit the communication between people while others argue that they have several negative impacts on society .
People connecting through social media sites communicate without spending money , and it only takes a few seconds for messages to be received .
If phone calls and letters are the only way we had to contact them , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connections with our old friends .
Social media sites also bring negative impacts to people and the society .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to present their ideas well .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter-connected world .
However , social media sites also have a negative impact on humans .
We spend the majority of our time on sites like Facebook and Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
Using text-messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also produces a bad impact for us in the long term .
Social media enables us to explore the world far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and spending a one-week holiday .
Since some information has already been revealed on a person 's home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to boldly share their real feelings online with their masks having been removed in reality .
That eliminates the disadvantage of incomplete information for some remote rural regions , where people are less aware of what is actually happening around them .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend in face-to-face communication .
With the regulation of the government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Thank to social media , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
I do think there is a difference in it , and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our true feelings , and may not become ourselves , since we do not want the other party to judge us .
This will lead to a bad interpersonal skill as well as a problem of trust .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media since we will never know whether they are even ' real ' .
Some people fake their identities in media sites so that they can know more people , and some may even cheat others .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people , because they allow them to connect with others even from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects such as the loss of face-to-face communication skills , which are important in the work place .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily lives .
Personally , I am studying overseas , and a busy study life keeps me away from contact with my old friends .
Using a common social media site with my friends helps me know what are their statuses nowadays .
After my manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online so that others can share the joy with them .
However , social media sites are a double-sided sword ; they also bring in some negative effects on our daily lives .
One of the disadvantages that concerns many people is that people lose interest in face-to-face communication .
Many people like to use language to create pretend identities , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create , and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites are supposed to be a very useful and convenient tool to use and to bring people closer in this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another .
Online friends become real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
When we use Facebook and post pictures and statuses , we are actively " presenting " façades of our lives to others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , and statuses that are funny .
There is an element of seeking out attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
They are just scrolling down pages and pages of pictures and statuses until they see ones which they might think are funny .
In real life , establishing friendship requires well-rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking his/her Facebook page where he/she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show their emotions to another by texting some = ) signs .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothing and he posts them often , I can simply block him .
The communication does not focus on how we feel , or say to each other , but on whatever is interesting , or the content .
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
In the past , people used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones who lived far away from them .
It can take a few days or weeks for those messages to be received .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which is convenient , especially when instant chat is needed .
People indeed go to great lengths to make their words as short as they can .
At the same time , once they are communicating with people to their face , expressing themselves appropriately becomes a really big problem .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore , like famous stars from movie and TV series , business men , and entrepreneurs .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
The lack of a pledge of authenticity risks people 's privacy and the information that is shared on social media sites .
With the development of the technology , social media has become more and more significant in the world .
However , it also raises the concerns about whether it brings us more benefits , or a disaster .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading information .
It makes people worry that if teenagers continue using social media frequently , their ability to talk to people will decrease .
You can see people using Facebook and Twitter through their smart phones or iPads on buses or on trains .
Some may claim that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts online .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situations , see comments online , and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
It causes people to spend more time chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face , such that their interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Actually , I have seen that some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they are quite boring when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
On the other hand , it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life , and negatively affect their interpersonal skills .
So we need to make the best use of these social media sites , and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
People can know their friends ' recent looks , and interesting things happening to those people , just by checking Facebook or other social media sites .
However , social media sites reduce face-to-face communication , which affects interpersonal skills .
By typing words and showing pictures , people can express emotions that they are otherwise too shy to express .
People even come to prefer to talk to their friends and meet their friends online , and gradually reject face-to-face communication .
Second , without communication in real life , people lose the ability to see what is true and false .
Teenagers may believe these people and be cheated and lose money or even their safety .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : it is more convenient to contact others , and it is easier to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others using social media .
The long distance and time required made spreading the messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people might not have had contact with the faraway friends and relatives unless there were something important .
However , people can now contact anyone who can use a computer , anywhere in the world , at any time , and there is no delay .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of using social media in daily life .
Second , the social media network opens the door of opportunity for people , due to its great benefit in connecting them .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends , and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Although social media does create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face-to-face interactions .
There is a story of a girl who lived in the social media world every night for eight years .
She talked with them every night , trusted them and shared her life with them .
A lot of people use identifying information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
Recent research has shown that the more time people spend on social media sites , the less ambitious they become .
It not only is convenient and beneficial for connecting people and developing business , but it also can damage people 's relationships and interpersonal skills .