On the one hand , we do not want this potential danger causing firghtenning affects in our families ' later lives .
When people around us know that we have got certain disease , their altitudes will be easily changed , whether caring us too much or keeping away from us .
After all , what affects one family may or may not affect another , although the family has a common genetic make - up , shared by either of the parents .
Does anyone who suffers from this disease keep it a secret to their relatives ?
In retrospect , it is also one 's duty to ensure that he or she undergo periodic healthchecks on their own .
Ultimately , one must bring attention to who may benefit from such information and help those at risk to make considered decisions about disclosure .
Whose duty is to inform at risk relatives or not greatly depends on the personal moral and the nature of how ' directive ' the risk is to them .
Large numbers of patients with genetic risk would want to keep it a secret as the genetic risk may indicate their high chance to carry certain disease .
Therefore , to keep the information as secret to his / her future spouce would help the relationship .
First , for the case of marriage , people should be honest and tell their spouce they may carry certain genetic risk that may affect their offspring .
For example , if a carrier is told that he / she has the risk of having diabetes .
Otherwise , if the other parties did not know , they may end up with having diabete in the future without any prevention .
In conclusion , we could tell the benefits of telling genetic risk to the carriers relatives overweights the costs .
Genetic disorders may or may not be hirataged hereditary disease and it is sometimes hard to find out whether one has these kinds of diseases .
From the legal aspect , the answer is no but from the ethical aspect , the answer should be yes .
Firstly , someone having what kinds of disease belongs to his or her privacy .
If a law requires someone to tell others ' his or her privacy , especially when the one is not willing to do so .
It is against his or her human rights and it is against the law 's spirit .
If you say only need to tell direct relatives , it will be against the fairness of law .
How can a law made by the government exempt such a group of people from preparing to face their potetial disease ?
Hypertension can be caused by genetic problems which make the carrier harder to digest the fat and salt in blood which can cause hypertension .
They can build a daily habit to eat less salt and fat and thus to avoid hypertension .
By doing so , less of his or her beloved ones will suffer from the genetic problem .
Therefore , some carriers will have the opinion of keeping it a secret .
Furthermore , some will wish not to become a burden of anyone as seeking medical attention is relatively costly .
Nevertheless , it will depend on what kind of genetic diseases are given in the context of current medical technology .
For example , breast cancer is a genetic disease and it can be cured if it is being realised in an early stage .
In conclusion , it will be considerate to inform the risk of getting the same genetic disease to the relatives .
Early pre - examination is healthy as it will cast away unwanted doubts and affect the psychological thoughts of those who are affected .
Such patients are still emotionally volatile or they may be unaware of the consequences of such genetic disorder due to their young age .
Furthermore , the act of informing others without the consent from their parents or the patients itself could harm the psychological state of the affected family .
Thus , much thought needs to be put on the immediate family as it could cause a stir of unwanted events from the patient or the family members itself .
Some families may feel hurt , with regards to their family pride or reputation , on having the knowledge of such genetic disorder running in their family .
The importance of informing relatives of such genetic disease is vital as it may help to raise awareness and prevention of genetic disorder .
Thus , having knowledge that such a genetic disorder is benign would be beneficial towards their emotinal thoughts .
A person with a disorder , regardless of mental or physical disorder , is always easy to be awared by his or her family .
Genetic disorder inheritance is generation by generation , but not all of the offspring shows the relevant symptoms .
As a result , the family generation stops by the moment the adult carrier announces his issue .
The reason behind is that after WOWII the population of China decreased dramatically and so the government encouraged the people to give more birth .
He has to choose whether to protect his family or make his family more prosperity with a potential generic risk .
This kind of ethical issue can not be judged by others because they will not understand the position and duty of the carrier in the family .
In conclusion , people should think carefully about what the consequences of telling the relatives his or her generic disorder issue are .
It will be hard for an individual to deal with the issue on its own .
Other than that , I believe that the strong bond we have with our family is the biggest pillar of support to the carrier .
I find that it is important to inform you , especially if it is contagious , the carrier could prevent the disease from spreading out to society .
Furthermore , as it could incur spending a lot of money on treatment , the carrier might not want to be the burden on her family .
She or he does not want to be the source of unhappiness in their family .
However , we will never know whether these negative effects will happen when the carrier decides to tell his or her family of his or her condition .
In conclusion , personally , I feel that it is better for the carrier to inform her family members about the issue .
However , I believe that the carrier has a right not to obligate to tell anyone but has responsibility for taking action to prevent any ethical dilemma .
If the result turned out something that the carrier could not accept , then it would have been better not knowing the truth .
After realizing the he or she is her carrier , the emotional damage would be hard to bear .
It could possibly cause a problem in a family due to the fact and creates more unhappiness in the family .
Overall , I believe that it entirely depends on the carrier to share the hard facts and face them with relatives but he has no obligation to tell still .
On the other hand , without knowing any genetic disorder and accepting the fact , the family will stay positive and work together to overcome the diability .
I think the family will stay mentally healthy as it is , without having emtional stress .
Debates have been around for years , that should a carrier for a known genetic risk be obligated to inform his or her relatives .
This is an issue that needs to be addressed as family - related ethical dilemma is involved .
We were crying hard but we are not alone . It 's our family and relatives that grow us up .
Hence , they should be the people who are grateful to and the people we would like to share the joy together .
By doing so , one will feel less stressful in facing such disorder risk .
In conclusion , in order to avoid family - related ethical dilemma , it is best for any carrier of known genetic risk to inform his / her relatives .
More support must be provided through different means to give better direction when one is standing in such a junction as to see whether he should inform the relatives .
The decision to undergo genetic testing can only be made by the individual at risk for a disorder .
However , it leads to a new problem : should a carrier of a known genetic risk be obligated to tell his or her relatives ?
However , there is still a diversity of points of views among people .
Frequently , the intention of the carriers does not want to tell their families to continue their own life without the anxious of families .
Demon is not easily defeated and it requires a lot of energy and psychological support .
Besides that , the risk of the known genetic is very serious so that it can not be described .
Without their concern and support , it would be hard to stay until this time .
It is the ethical of staff in hospital to keep the secret of any patients .
However , hospitals can provide a councilor to advise the carrier about the action that can be taken .
However , there may be some special case that is hard to decide .
Carriers are responsible for balancing his or her own interests and the benefits of family and even society .
It is a hard decision to make but , in the most appropriate way , it will create great circumstances for the carrier and families in the future .
First of all , from the angle of human rights , a genetic risk carrier should not be obligated to tell the truth to others .
They may not want this truth to influence their life or want to keep it a secret and do not others know about it .
Secondly , the relatives of the carrier can also choose to do genetic testing regardless of the dignosis of the carrier .
If they do not want to think too much of it and view it as a problem , they may just ignore the possibility .
This obeys their own willingness as if they have to accept the truth which may make their following life miserable .
For a carrier of genetic disorder to know the fact that he or she is a carrier , it causes more dilemmas rather than getting the disorder .
There are four reasons why people do n't have to be shy and share their problems regarding genetic disorder .
More people ( relatives ) know her problem , more information channel is provided .
Unlike people with a high proportion of skin pigment , people with albinism are prone to sunburn and other skin diseases .
Thirdly , some diseases are not noticeable and may lead to serious health problems .
Usually people are not aware if they carry the sickle cell gene and this may lead to circulatory problems such as blood blocking .
Fourthly , it is important for parents to give mental boosts for their children with genetic disorder .
In this modern world , technologies have improved a lot compared with the last century .
The medical authorities claimed that only the individual who is at risk for a genetic disorder can make the decision to undergo genetic testing .
However , once a test has been conducted and the results are known , a family - related ethical dilemma is born .
In my opinion , the carrier of a known genetic risk has to tell his or her relatives about this .
This is because his or her relatives have the right to know about this .
Every family member has their human right to know what is going on with them .
If they do not even know that they are at risk for a genetic disorder , how can this explain their right ?
Although telling James about this is horrible to some extent , he should know what will be likely to be going on for him .
For example , hypertension is partially due to genetic factors , but environmental factors also play an important role .
To sum up , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Not long ago , the human genome project sponsored by several large multinational corporations ( MNCs ) started .
In my opinion , the patients , which are carriers of some known genetic risk , are supposed to share the truth with their family members .
Without the support of loved ones , patients ' lives is no better than death .
A study at New York University in 2010 shown that patients with family members around generally recover 2 - 4 days faster than those taken care of by professional nurses .
Hence , for a family in which every member truly believes in each other and loving each other , all these problems are just testaments to make them stronger .
In those diseases , many who are affected do actually have different physical characteristics compared to those without genetic diseases .
Furthermore , since genetic risk or genetic disease is a very personal case , it is up to the person 's call to tell the relatives about it .
This information needs to be at least acknowledged by the other party before they make the decision to get married and have children .
With the improvements of technology , a new life with genetic risk can be detected .
This essay will discuss the reasons why relatives are obligated to be informed that their children have genetic risk .
The situation may become worse if the child has diseases like cancer or heart disease , which means that parents have another heavy baggage named medication fees .
The other reason that parents should know the baby they have is a carrier of genetic risk is for a nation 's good .
However , every year the government has to spend a lot helping the disables such as medical subsidizes and building up special schools to educate them .
Without increasing the number of disables in a nation , the government is able to concentrate on developing in other ways , like military and education .
Moreover , in the world we are living in today , many miscarriages conducted in hospital every day .
Therefore , I believe parents have their right to know the healthiness of their child .
Many people may support a theory that everyone has their right to enjoy the world , especially people with religions .
However , the problem is , will people really enjoy their life if they have to stay in hospital every day and with all the needles and endless pain ?
One should have full control of his / her information and it is his / her right to decide whether or not to disclose it to someone else .
If a person has a disease C , that might be a result of gene A .
There are possible negative consequences that those might face if they disclose their genetic results to their relatives .
He or she might even be advised not to get married or have children .
After he takes the test and is obliged to tell his relatives , everyone knows that he is a carrier .
If a gene runs in the family , one of the family members tests positive , whom does he need to tell ?
In less than a week , half of the town knows person A has a risked gene , and his family might be a genetically risked family .
Nowadays , people not only pursuit the comfort of their own life but also a better development of their following generations .
The first one is the importance of being responsible for your self - wellness and health of your relatives and the second one is being responsible for the next generations .
The awareness of your relatives and families about your genetic risk is good for your self - wellness and health of your relatives .
The genetic risk that you carry may or may not affect your health and put you in danger .
If you have n't undergone genetic testing , it 's just odd and fate for what will happen to both of you and your relatives .
However , if you have undergone and known that you are a carrier , you are responsible for your whole family .
Even though you can not eliminate the risk completely , you can at least try to be alert to avoid getting the disease .
Therefore , telling the families and the relatives to get prepared for fighting the disease and even prevent getting the disease is your responsibility .
Furthermore , you are also being responsible for your next generations by telling the truth that you are a carrier of genetic risk .
However , if you tell the truth to your wife and relatives , you offer a chance of whether to have a child or not .
And in my opinion , this seems to be the main purpose of undergoing that genetic testing in the first place .
Many people feel that we should tell our relatives since we really care about their health status .
If we tell them , they may start paying more attention to their daily habits , like eating less sugar contained food and keeping a good mood .
The earlier we tell them , the better habit they will arise and better for the rest of their lives .
Since this will really affect their lives , what we should do is to try to make it in a positive way .
It is only after we tell them they will start paying attention to their health .
They always have a choice about whether to undergo the genetic test or not .
Genetic testing will be conducted when the individual is at risk of some possible disease .
As we all know , genetic risk carriers are likely to pass genetics to their family members .
Once one person in the family is found to be carrying risky genetic , other members of his or her family may also have the risk of disease .
Therefore , telling the relatives about the situation may avoid a lot of trouble in this way and save a lot of time for proper treatment .
Sometimes life may even be saved if they are told early and conduct timely treatment .
So , for consideration of the other family members , the relatives should be informed .
Secondly , it can avoid genetic disease passing to the next generation when they intend to have babies .
Some genetic genes will pass only to boys rather than girls , some are on the contrary .
If the carrier refuses to tell the truth to his or her spouse , another life may have a risk of inheriting genetic disease .
On the one hand , it can tell members of the carrier 's family the possible disease they may have and can perform treatment in time if possible .
However , I thought that genetic information was one person 's personal privacy which should be protected by the law .
Firstly , the information concerning genetic is something personally which is also a privacy like people 's bank card keys .
Secondly , the carrier of a known genetic risk may destroy the peace of a family , even breaking down the relationship between children and adults .
Once his or her family or relatives know that the person does not have a relationship with them .
However happy they were before , there would be some barrier which appears which will truly destroy the family gradually .
The relationship between the parents and their children should not be tested only in the genetic way ; it is something much deeper and tighter .
More and more illnesses are discovered to be related to some genes with the development of medical technology .
People will know about whether they carry a disease on their genes after they have done the genetic test .
But they are all from one family and own the same forefather , then , of course , they own the same genes in some part .
I am most inclined to believe that his or her relatives have the right to know the result .
It is just because you do not become strong enough to overcome the hard times .
Moreover , the truth can not be hidden forever but when it is revealed , more shocking and upset it will be .
That plays an important role in the possibility that relatives can overcome the discrimination between society and anxiety about the risks .
It can be very difficult for them but necessary for the carriers and their family .
And now I have got over 500 friends on Facebook and buried myself with hundreds of seeds every day .
Instead , we will post a seed and tag our friends to inform this kind of change .
It is becoming even more convenient than talking through the phone since it is free .
We discuss everything we like and we have more personal space . Our friends also have more access to knowing what we are doing and what we like .
And actually lots of rescuing jobs are done with the help of social media , like looking for people to get lost and so on .
With more convenient and humanian communications , the relationship between government and people has improved largely .
And even if we gather together , more people find themselves having fewer topics to talk about than before and choose to dig from their social media again .
Besides , there are more people shwing their pictures of yummy food or travelling experience .
For myself , I long to some places after I saw those beautiful pictures taken by my friends .
Social media makes our life patten so fast and leave us less time to think about our life .
The burgeoning of social media definitely has its stint ; but amongst all good things , it is better to have them in moderation .
The receipent , will then receive the information almost immediately depending on the quality of the network .
In the past , vast communication was done by one of the many such a telegram , snail mail and poor - quality voice calls .
Having to meet and interact for talks allows one to be closer to the recepient .
It involves a level of dynamic interaction which utlises the motor , thinking and verbal cortex of the mind to coordinate .
Unlike the use of social media , most of the interaction is done with thinking and typing .
As a result , one does not train the necessary parts of the skills required for proper interpersonal relations .
It is also entire incorrect to fault social media alone for the lack of interpersonal skill .
Howard Garner mentioned that the different intelligences can be charted , in accordance for utilising tests , and ranked .
The types of use must also be taken note of - informing , interacting , discussion and others .
And at the same time , improves interpersonal skills , through dynamic practises between individuals and real - time presence .
In the days without social networks , people may not have the chance to get to know others from different countries or the ones they have never met before .
Their number of people that they know may only be limited to the people they meet in daily life like classmates and working partners .
In this case , the social network helps people to increase the frequency of talk .
The largest negative impact is that , due to the online network , some people start to use and rely on the Internet every minute .
They take too much time using online social networks and thus do not have time to have their daily meetings with people in their real life .
It not only affects interpersonal skills but also bad for people 's health if the ones spend too much time on social media .
It provides people with a more convenient contact environment and improves the frequency of meeting with each other .
The world is increasing flat by all kinds of social network websites such as Facebook and Twitter .
We can even know what a friend who leaves thousands of miles away eating lunch through these kinds of social media .
From some points of view , society really has a lot of advantages by letting us communicate with friends cheaper and more conveniently .
Without hanging out with friends or talking with friends through the phone , we can know his latest news by scanning the webpage .
It means that one can not know another 's real thoughts and personalities by reading things that he or she put on social network media .
It is a common scene that two people sitting next to each other seldom talk with each other but just look at their cellphone .
This kind of behaviour is not good for people 's psychological health , according to research .
Cyber communication is quite different to face - to - face communication and people who depend on cyber communication too much will not get used to real life communication .
With the desire of people to become the best among others , social network sites now become a place to show off .
It is a mental unhealthy and it may trigger people , especially teenagers , to become material .
The modes of communication have been changing over the years , from letter writing to social networking .
This phenomenon is caused by rapidly changing technology , which has made communication faster than ever before .
This essay will discuss both the benefits and down sides of using social media in contemporary society .
There are about 50 % of people who have learnt about breaking news from social media .
Furthermore , with current technology , smartphones are able to get access to social media sites which have made it easier for consumers to use .
Hence , social media has benefited the masses by equipping them with a powerful tool to disseminate information almost immediate to the people around them .
This had caused panic among the people who had flooded the local police department with numerous phone calls , and this had resulted temporarily closed of schools .
The spreading of false information can be a potential psychological threat to everyone , given that social media can disseminate information at a realtively fast speed .
Nevertheless , there are cyber police who roam around these social networking platforms to prevent these hoaxes spreading around .
But , there will still be unreliable sources spreading false information on social media sites despite high security to control almost every social networking movement .
In the past , people used to write letters to their friends and it would take a relatively long time to send the letter over .
Therefore , with the help of technology , people are able to catch up with each other conveniently .
It might not be accurate to judge the other party 's feelings over social media as one may cover up their emotions while on social media .
With a globalised and interconnected world today , Twitter and Facebook are now the mainstream platform for social interaction .
With just a touch away from any Mida / electronic devices , one can easily interact and communicate with his friends without much hassle .
Thus , long distance relationships or friendships can be maintained and keeping in touch with your circle of friends has been made much easier .
Society will adapt to such a phenomenon as physical interaction is transformed into cyber interaction .
We can not be certain for sure the reliability or truth of some posts or information we receive through the Internet .
Photos and information retrieved from their profile page may be fabricated to suit certain personal agenda .
The danger of such media socialisation is the uncertainty of such communication due to lack of physical interaction .
People use Twitter to follow the artiste or celebrity they love and Facebook to see what their friends ' recent activity is .
Nevertheless , they still can use the phone to make normal calls and messages to contact .
Several arguments have been made regarding social media actually have some inevitable disadvantages for people .
Whenever they need to use social media , they have to use a phone or the Internet .
Generally , people need their eyes to look at the display screen of their phone or computer and fingers to manipulate the corresponding device .
The children nowadays do not know what neighbourhood games are and who is staying beside them , all they know is pressing icons on the screens .
These are some concrete examples of how the socia media reduce face - to - face human contact .
When people get used to using socia media to contact other people , what will happen is that their interpersonal communication skills will degrade and lose eventually .
Firstly , they have lost the courage to meet strangers , not even the courage to talk .
Also , they will not have enough experience to communicate with people in face and not be trained in their conversation skills .
As a result , social media helps them do the jobs but indirectly affects their interpersonal skills .
Social media does have some other advantages besides their general benefits to human beings .
First of all , people save money by using the Internet to contact other people and reading the news .
Secondly , people make friends all over the world and are able to update their friends with his recent activity easily .
A guy who is going to travel for months can easily tell all of his friends about his activity .
In conclusion , socia media benefits people in several ways but , at the same time , harms people .
People should avoid the misuse of socia media and use it in the proper way .
It started withthe invention of technology which has evolved tremendously over the past few decades .
In the past , we travelled by ship and now we can use an airplane to do so .
From the example that I have mentioned earlier , we can see that the distance between us and our loved one is getting further apart .
Social media sites such as Facebook have allow us to share our pictures or even chat online with our parents while we are overseas .
The social media is beneficial as it connects you and your loved one even though you are separated by distance .
As I mentioned in the beginning , there are also disadvantages to social media tools .
One of them is that it reduces the level of concentration , especially among youngsters .
This is because it is part of everyone 's habit to check their Facebook page as their friends will post something new every second .
In my opinion , every individual has to take responsibility for their own lives by making the right decision .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using social media sites . However , in this case striking a balance between social media and life is the most important thing to do .
As people spend more and more time on such social media sites , the importance of face - to - face human contacts has decressed .
As people feel more confident online where they do not have to face their real life on the spot , they feel more comfortable and thus prefer communicating online .
This results in lack of interpersonal skills in individuals , especially young students , as they always have an option to turn their backs to real - life and go online .
As they are so used to having an online avatar , they may lose their self - identity in real life and may not realise how to interact with people in real life .
Another problem with social media is that the benefits from investing such an enormous time and energy are not relfected as something positive to the users .
However , such sparks of sudden attention are extremely short - termed and gone eaily thus does not add any value or meaning to the user 's life .
However , friendship in such a virtual world is so superficial which is not so relevant to real - life .
Furthermore , this also possibly triggers privacy issues as Facebook allows some other profit - driven companies to have access to the information on the users .
As this happens , users are more and more pron to any possible frauds .
Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter are born with the intention of connecting people from around the world .
The parents are now the " friends " of their kids , and they can now " follow " their kids more closely and in real time .
However , as we then tend to spend too much time on this and have significantly reduced in face - to - face human contact , that eventually affects our interpersonal skills .
We may meet only once but we exchange our contact numbers as well as Facebook account in order to keep in touch .
Within clicks , we could check on the friend 's profile and read on for his / her updates .
This allows friends that may not have the time to meet up to still connected in a way .
Nonetheless , what seems to make us connected can be the cause that falls us apart .
The obvious disadvantage of using social media is that the time reduction on face - to - face contact .
For example , we tend to send birthday wishes when Facebook promts us " Today is someone 's birthday " .
Ultimately , the best way to enhance interpersonal skills is still through face - to - face meetings , but social media sites are only the tools to enhance it .
However , there are also some disadvantages that occur due to the social media which are concerned in society .
Therefore , this article is written to explain the pros and cons of using social media in our daily life .
Through social media sites , we can chat with our friends who stay in Europe and New Zealand .
With the huge amount of cost savings , this capital can be utilized in other sectors , which benefits companies more and boosts up the company 's profit .
That is why facial impression is one of the most important elements in social learning .
In addition , " social media sites will affect writing skills " , that is the point of view in society .
Based on the statistic report , more of the writing skills will be reduced when the more time is used on social media sites .
I believe most of us have the experience of suddenly forgetting how to write a word that we should know .
Writing is an essential skill of person who express their own feelings and opinions .
However , there is news about the social media sites leaks users ' information to companies with cash reimbursement .
To utilize technology well , we should make our effort to not only balance the pros and cons but also lengthen the pros and shorten the cons .
Thus , new technology will be able to bring a prosperous future for our and next generation .
With this situation , both advantages and disadvantages of using social media apply to our daily life .
When our phones are accidentally done , we can also use social media to get in contact with our friends .
Some people who are trying to talk in the public can also actively take part in groups chatting via social media .
Besides , we can make more friends by such interactions when our friends also bring their friends in .
Therefore , the popularity of social media sites has made it more convenient for people to update friends ' status and contact friends more frequently .
Firstly , interpersonal skills may be affected by the reduction in face - to - face human contact .
People who are not good at public chatting may be more reluctant to talk to people , and their interpersonal skills can never be improved in this situation .
Lastly , it is easy for people to waste a lot of time using social media .
Again , there is a trend for them to suffer from social media addition and their studies and work may be greatly influenced .
The telephone may be perceived as a big innovation created ever when the first time Graham Bell introduced it .
Let us take examples from Facebook and Twitter , two of the most famous social media sites .
Facebook is like a combination of message and chatting service , personal profile , media for sharing , and other entertainment adds - on ( i. e .
Twitter , which has a more simplified function compared to Facebook , gives more benefit if used as information sharing the media .
Despite the luxury that is offered by social media , there are also harmful side effects which people may not realize beforehand .
Researches show that face - to - face meeting frequency among people that are addicted to social media sites has been decreasing .
Another disadvantage that affects other people is that by only showing selected parts of our lives , we build a " false image " in public .
Nowadays , the advancement of technologies improves the life of many people a lot .
In most countries , there is an emergence of social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .
Many people think that social media sites have benefits on communication between people , while some others argue that there are several negative impacts on society .
People connecting through social media sites can spend no money on communication , and also take only one or a few seconds for the message to reach .
If the phone and letter were the only way to contact them , we would probably not be able to find them .
Facebook and Twitter can serve as an alternative route to make connections between us and our old friends .
On the other hand , social media sites also have some negative impacts on people and society .
Many people argue that this is the most serious problem brought by social media sites .
The loss of interpersonal skills results in the inability for people to well present their ideas .
Hence , it is undeniable that these sites play an important role in our global inter - connected world .
However , social media sites also have its second side of negative impact on humans .
We spend the majority of our time on sites like Facebook , Twitter and it affects our daily work productivity and performance .
Using text - messaging language as an informal way of communicating on social media networks also brings in a bad impact for us in the long term .
Social media enables us to explore the world far far away without paying for expensive airplane tickets and sparing a one - week holiday .
Since some of the information has already been revealed on the home page , it is also easier to find some common topics to talk about .
Moreover , people usually like to share boldly about their real feelings online with their masks in reality being taken off .
That eliminates the incomplete information disadvantage for some remote rural regions where people are less aware of what actually is happening around them .
Intensive use of social media does reduce the time people spend on face - to - face communication .
With the regulation of government and relevant authorities , the virtual world would be a better world .
Thanks to those social media , communication among people all over the world is possible and can be done with ease .
I do think there is a difference in it and I believe many of us will agree .
When we write or communicate virtually , we can hide our feelings and many have not become ourselves since we do not want the other party to judge us .
This will lead to bad inter - personal skills as well as a problem of trusts .
Nowadays , we can not really trust new people whom we know from social media , since we will never know whether they are even ' real ' .
Some people fake their identities on media sites so that they can get to know more people or some may even cheat others .
Social media sites like Twitter and Facebook are popular among people in order for them to connect to others , even from different countries .
It also brings many negative effects , such as loss of face - to - face communicating skills , which are important in their workplace .
This essay will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using social media in our daily life .
Personally I am studying overseas . Busy study life keeps me away from contact with my old friend .
Using a common social media site with my friends to help me know what their statuses are nowadays .
After my Manager taught her mother how to use Facebook , she was able to upload video clips of her grandchild .
People are able to share the culture or pretty photos online , therefore others can spread the joy with them .
However , social media sites are a double - sided sword , it also brings in some negative effects on our daily life .
One of the disadvantages that many people concerns is that people lose the interest in face - to - face communication .
Many people like to use language to pretend themselves , and lose confidence when they talk to each other .
We should take the advantages of the creatures we create and try to avoid the negative effects .
Social media sites suppose it will be a very useful and convenient tool for using and bringing people to get closer in this globalised world .
The use of social media has largely influenced our ways of communicating with one another .
Online friends have become real life friends and real life friends communicate with one another online .
We are actively " presenting " fa ゙ ades of our lives in front of others .
We tend to post pictures with the best looks , status that are funny .
There is an element of seeking out for attention rather than expressing one 's true opinion on social networks .
They are just scrolling down pages of pages of pictures and statuses and seeing one of them which they might think funny .
In real life , establishing friendship requires the all - rounded understanding of one another and caring for one another .
The latter requires face to face interaction where we can show our emotions to the other .
One can not truly understand a person by only stalking his / her Facebook page where he / she carefully chooses what to present .
One can not truly show their emotions with another by texting some =) signs .
If some of my friends have horrible taste in clothes and he / she posts them often , I can simply block him / her off .
Communication does not focus on how we feel , or to say , each other , but whatever is interesting , or the content .
Therefore , there is a need to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of social media .
People used to write letters and send post cards to keep in touch with ones who live far away from them in the past .
It can take a few days or weeks for those to receive messages .
And people on the other side will only need a second to receive the message .
Distance and time are no longer the problems , which are convenient , especially when instant chat is needed .
People indeed go to great length to make their words as shorter as they can .
While , once they are communicating with people on their faces , expressing themselves appropriately has become really a big problem .
For example , on Twitter , it is exciting to follow people that you adore , like famous movies and series stars , businessmen and entrepreneurs .
The reason might just be that he or she just wants to " decorate " his or her face .
No pledge of authenticity risks people 's information and privacy that are shared on social media sites .
As for the development of technology , social media becomes a more and more significant role in the whole world .
However , it also raised concerns about whether it brings us more benefits or a human disaster .
What 's more , these days social media plays an important role in spreading information .
It makes people worry , since if all teenagers continue using social media frequently , they will decrease the ability to talk to people .
You can see people playing Facebook , Twitter through their smartphones or iPad on buses or on trains .
Some may say that the appearance of these modern media will reduce the chance for people to communicate face to face .
People can contact their friends on the internet and get their reply very fast .
People can also get to know their friends ' state and mood by looking at their posts on line .
Moreover , people can be aware of what is going on in social situations and see the comments online and share their opinions on these websites .
These social media make people 's lives much more colorful and provide a lot of fun .
It will make people spend more time on chatting on the internet rather than communicating face to face such that interpersonal skills will be badly affected .
Actually , I have seen some people are very funny and interesting when I am chatting with them online .
However , they behave quite boredom when I talk to them in real life .
Teenagers are developing their interpersonal skills and social skills when they are growing up .
Whereas , it can also make people forget to communicate with their family and friends in real life and affect their interpersonal skills negatively .
So we need to make best use of these social media and make it a fun way of adding some excitement when life is boring .
People can know their friends ' recent looks and interesting things happen that people just check their Facebook or other social media sites .
However , social media sites truly reduce communication in face - to - face , which truly affects interpersonal skills .
By typing the words and showing the pictures , people can express their emotions that they are too shy to express .
People even prefer to talk to their friends and meet their friends online and gradually reject face - to - face communication .
Secondly , without true communication in real life , people lose the ability to see the truth and false .
Teenagers may believe these people and easily be cheat and lose money even if they are safe .
As for the advantages , there are two aspects : more convenient to contact others , easier to know about others .
One advantage is that it is more convenient to contact others by social media .
The long distance and time - consuming make spreading the messages very difficult at that time .
Therefore , people may not contact faraway friends and relatives unless there is something important .
However , people now can contact anyone all over the world who can use computers at any time , and there is no time delay with messages .
In conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages to using social media in daily life .
Secondly , social media networks open the door of opportunities for people due to its great benefit in connecting .
Young people can widen their relationships , meet new friends and learn wonderful things in many parts of the world .
First and foremost , we should realize that the social media world is not trustworthy and real .
Though social media do create relationships , relationships and friendships are only firm and real if people have gone through experiences and communication in face - to - face interaction .
There is a story of a girl who lives in the social media world every night for eight years .
She talked with them every night , trusted them and shared her life with them .
A lot of people use their true information on social media sites , which can lead to crimes and deception .
Recent research has shown that the more people spend time on social media sites , the less they become ambitious .
It is not only convenient and beneficial in connecting people and developing business , but it can also damage people 's relationships and interpersonal skills .